Innovenvirosh
InnovEnviroSH, is a dynamic & innovative firm focused on providing high quality interior & exterior landscaping installations & maintainance services while providing our client with fire & electrical safety.
Landscaping is moving from "unplanned & undersigned" & "traditional designs" to "planned & luxury" designs for many homes & sad to say many landscape have been installed without proper consideration to the history of the & & environmental detail of the site
InnovEnviroSH has knowledgeable, experienced, commited, & disciplined men whose knowledge & experience are drawn from Forestry Rssearch Institute of Ghana, Environmental Protection Agency, etc. to help address your landscape installation & maintaince problems. 
We also have personnel's certified by NEBOSH in Health & Safety. Again we also have personnel's experienced in the use of GIS & AutoCAD in designing
Call us 0264130131

Our Services
Landscaping
We design, install & maintain landscape for homes, schools & commercial buildings. We also advice landscape owners on care for their landscapes. We give our clients the medicinal benefits of the plants which forms part of their soft cape.
Safety & Health
We provide the following
Ergonomics
Fire Safety
Electrical Safety
Driving Safety
Kitchen Safety
School Safety

Why choose InnovEnviroSH?
Our approach
We take the history & environmental detail of the site first sometimes using GPS. Based in the history & environmental detail gathered, we discuss our client's dream landscape & garden & based on this make an informed desicion. 
Based on the informed desicion, we-design bringing the conceptual idea on paper before we hit the ground. Gives you free estimate with no added cost after finish of project. 
After installation of your landscape, we have the client home fire & electrical safety training to safeguard their homes from fire.

Our experience
InnovEnviroSH have been engaged in landscape jobs since 2013. Our clientele currently span from residential buildings to commercial properties like schools. Our regions of experience currently are the Greater Accraa & Central regions.
We have been able to bring nature to the homes of our cherished customers by bringing the resources of the forest to their homes. Our customers not only now have luxury of a flamboyant view of nature's beauty right in their homes but have paid for a healthier lives. 
Schools we have beautified with our landscape works also have benefited as these have helped increase school enrolment.

Our Values: 
We are committed to good practice & are passionate about what we do. Client satisfaction is our HALLMARK

Imagine you are a UI designer with experience in writing a copy that converts for a customer on their website. & above is what they have on their brochure. & below is the struture of website & it's page:
Hero Section: CTA Buttons, Headline Copy, Short Descriptive Copy.
About Section
Our Services Section
Our Gallery Section
What Our Clients Say (Testimonial)
Before & After Pictures
CTA Section
Contact Us Section

Your job is to fill with relevant text.













Testimonials
I express my appreciation and satisfaction in selecting InnoEnviroSH to undertake our landscape project. Their professionalism, dedication and coordination to follow through to ensure quality was remarkable. I recommend InnoEnviroSH to all and I look forward to continue working with them. ~ Mrs. Aisha Abonyin. 0249141300. Accra, Ghana.

I contracted InnoEnviroSH to landscape the compound of my new house. I must say I was very much impressed with the professionalism with which they carried out the entire project. Why do I say this? They presented me with a design of the landscape bringing the conceptual idea of how my finished landscape would look like after completion of the project. One thing that fascinates me is how they made use of my relatively small space. In fact, InnoEnviroSH are good. ~ Mr. Joshua Darko. joshuavandarko@gmail.com 0506784969.

InnoEnviroSH landscape my house. The work was done urgently and with professionalism. I was totally satisfied with the quality of work done and the level of commitment to ensure a good work was done is impressive. I recommend InnoEnviroSH to all who require their services and can testify of a quality guaranteed work done. ~ Mr. Samuel Awotwe. 0243134141.


The Kuhney Family:
I'm impressed with the creativity and timeliness. ~ Mrs. Love Kuhney. Ministry of Health 0202055007.

I was so impressed with the work done and creativity with which the work was done. To add to that, I have known Mr. Isaac Atta Hayford CEO of InnoEnviroSH for almost 5 years. I have known him to be hardworking, meticulous and very intelligent young man. I will not hesitate to recommend his services to anyone who seeks to work with him in any assignment and in any capacity. ~  Roger Adjei Kuhney. 0208114925




